hey guys welcome to my channel today I'm
going to show you the easiest way to
connect your Facebook Ads pixel to your
Shopify account and the place we're
actually going to start is in your
Facebook Ads manager and from here we're
gonna go on the left hand side to events
manager now Events Manager is where your
pixel lives and if you haven't created a
pixel already that's okay I'm gonna show
you how to do this in this next step but
if you have created a pixel already
you're gonna see that it's gonna show up
right here if you don't have a pixel go
ahead and click add new data source and
then select the pixel option but since I
already have a pixel and you can only
have one pixel per ad account that's why
I can't create it here so when you're in
Events Manager and you see your pixel
you're gonna notice that there's a big
number underneath or your pixel name and
that's your pixel ID so you're gonna go
ahead and copy your pixel ID in another
tab you're gonna go ahead and go to the
admin section of your Shopify account on
the left hand side you're gonna click
online store preferences and here you're
gonna be see a section for title and
meta description Google Analytics and
Facebook pixel you're actually just
gonna paste the pixel ID that you have
from your advanced manager so this
number right here you're gonna put that
right there and hit save now that's the
hardest part of this entire process but
we do want to just test it to make sure
that it's working so you're gonna go
back to Events Manager click on your
pixel and hit test events next you're
going to click another open tab and go
directly to your Shopify site and this
is your public facing site so once
you're here go ahead and go back to test
events and you can see that it's
actually tracking pageviews but we want
to make sure it's tracking everything
else
so next go ahead and click on one of
your products
here you can see the view content event
is triggering and the next one we want
to test is add to card go ahead and go
back and make sure the Add to Cart is
triggering and then we're gonna view
cart and checkout and then we're gonna
go back and see that the initiate
checkout event has triggered and with
that done you now know that your Shopify
account and your Facebook Ads pixel are
properly integrated and that's it you're
done and you're ready to go sell some
stuff and make some more money if you
guys want to know how to also connect
your Google Analytics account to your
Shopify account in an easy way just
exactly like this look in the
description below I have another video
for you guys and as always please feel
free to ask me any questions that you
have about Facebook ads marketing and
remote living ok guys talk to you later
bye